
# Concept Statement: House Manager

A personal finance and inventory tracking system and web application where users can track and access real-time and future spending data and usage trends on their personal items by Katie Kudrick.

Immersed in a decade-long career of high-tech hardware sales in the live entertainment lighting industry, I enjoyed the CRM and inventory/order tracking tools I had to use to achieve my sales goals so much, it made me want to adopt similar systems for my personal life as well. However, I was forever frustrated that no planner, budgeting app, or personal finance software existed that worked best for my personal preferences for organization as far as what data is gathered and how it is processed.

As a result of these frustrations, I decided to develop a custom system inspired by work tools that focus on supply chain management concepts such as mark-ups, margins, ROI, and depreciation on used equipment, inventory stocking projections, and reordering. Originally, my vision was of a simple Excel spreadsheet that considers my personal possessions as inventory and helps me schedule replenishment purchase orders. Yet, as I realized the realm of possibilities of features related to this type of tracking that could further transform my day-to-day home operations, I concluded that this new system would be much more valuable and versatile as a web app.

Inspired by commercial inventory tracking systems, supply chain management concepts, and sales CRMs used throughout my career -- and named after an integral job position in the theater/entertainment industry -- House Manager is an inventory tracking system where the user inputs their personal, everyday items into the web application, views and analyzes their data in a tabular interface, and logs their item usage to calculate their cost per use to help the user understand the value over time of their purchases to maximize their buying power. House Manager is a project that spotlights my tech sales strategies, supply chain and inventory management background, creative design skills, and my software engineering abilities. Over time, I intend to continue to grow this project to fully realize the vision described in this concept document.
